c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/25/90/translation.txt

「実は、折り入ってお願いしたいことがあるんです♡」=“Truth is, there's something I'd really like to request from you♡”
「え……なに？」=“Eh... What is it?”
「そんなに身構えないでください♡　ただ、愛称で呼び合いたいだけですから♡」=“You don't need to brace yourself like that♡ I just want for us to call each other by nicknames♡”
「愛称？　そんなことなら全然いいけど」=“Nicknames? That's perfectly fine by me.”
「ありがとうございます♡　それじゃ、さっそく呼んでみますね♡」=“Thank you very much♡ Well then, I'll just get right to it♡”
「[Pあだ名]♡」=“[Pあだ名]♡”
「おお、けっこうドキッとするね。俺も愛称で呼んでみてもいいかな？」=“Oooh, that made my heart skip a beat. Could I try calling you by a nickname too?”
「はい♡　是非♡　あ、待ってください心の準備が……できました♡」=“Yes♡ By all means♡ Ah, please wait a moment, my heart... is ready♡”
「それじゃあ……[Hあだ名]」=“Well then... [Hあだ名]”
「あぁん♡　あの、もう一回言ってください。録音しますから♡」=“Aaahn♡ Uhm, please say it one more time. I'll record it♡”
「何かよからぬことに使うんでしょ」=“You're just gonna end up using it for naughty things, aren't you?”

> 「うふふ♡　わかってるくせに♡　でもたまには呼んでくれますよね？」=“Ufufu♡ You know me so well♡ But you'll atleast call me that every once in a while, right?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「うふふ♡　わかってるくせに♡　でもたまには呼んでくれますよね？」=“Ufufu♡ You know me so well♡ But you'll at least call me that every once in a while, right?”
```
